Improve LLM Backbone Explanations (#766)
h2oai/h2o-llmstudio: documentation/docs/guide/experiments/create-an-experiment.md

4. Provide a meaningful **Experiment name**.

5. Define the parameters. The most important parameters are:

>     - **LLM Backbone**: This parameter determines the LLM architecture to use. It is the foundation model that you continue training. H2O LLM Studio has a predefined list of recommended foundation models available in the dropdown list. You can also type in the name of a [HuggingFace model](https://huggingface.co/models) that is not in the list, for example: `Qwen/Qwen1.5-4B-Chat` or the name of a local folder that has the model you would like to fine-tune.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **LLM Backbone**: This parameter determines the LLM architecture to use. It is the foundation model that you continue training. H2O LLM Studio has a predefined list of recommended foundation models available in the dropdown list. You can also type in the name of a [HuggingFace model](https://huggingface.co/models) that is not in the list, for example: `h2oai/h2o-danube2-1.8b-sft` or the path of a local folder that has the model you would like to fine-tune.
```

>     - **LLM Backbone**: This parameter determines the LLM architecture to use. It is the foundation model that you continue training. H2O LLM Studio has a predefined list of recommended foundation models available in the dropdown list. You can also type in the name of a [HuggingFace model](https://huggingface.co/models) that is not in the list, for example: `Qwen/Qwen1.5-4B-Chat` or the name of a local folder that has the model you would like to fine-tune.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **LLM Backbone**: This parameter determines the LLM architecture to use. It is the foundation model that you continue training. H2O LLM Studio has a predefined list of recommended foundation models available in the dropdown list. You can also type in the name of a [Hugging Face model](https://huggingface.co/models) that is not in the list, for example: `Qwen/Qwen1.5-4B-Chat` or the name of a local folder that has the model you would like to fine-tune.
```
